Update virtual-machine-scale-sets-networking.md (#78)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-compute-docs: articles/virtual-machine-scale-sets/virtual-machine-scale-sets-networking.md

You can configure all of the features covered in this article using Azure Resource Manager templates. Azure CLI and PowerShell examples are also included for selected features.

>[!NOTE]

> > Moving VMSS From one VNET to another VNET is not possible.You have to recreate VMSS in the destination VNET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Moving a Virtual Machine Scale Set from one VNET to another VNET is not possible. You have to recreate the scale set in the destination VNET.
```
